Title:
A Procedure for Four Aces Card Trick

Author: Zoe L. Xi

The reason that this four aces card trick is so good for beginners is
due to the fact that it requires no sleight of hand. All you need is a
simple setup and then you will be able to amaze your audience. Let us
get started.

First, you take out a full deck of cards and pull out all four
aces. Then turn your card deck upside down and put the four aces on the
top of the pile of cards. This is the setup.

Now that you are ready to call your audience over. Tell your audience
a white lie that this is a completely random deck of cards. If you
prefer, you can shuffle the card deck for emphasis, but do remember to
leave the four aces on the top. However, this is not necessary for a
gullible audience. Please tell your audience to divide the deck as
evenly as they can into four piles, but they are not allowed to see
the cards. Pay close attention to the deck containing the four
aces. You need to touch that deck last.

You now have four piles of cards. Please take three cards from a pile
that is not the one containing the four aces (remember that you will
be touching that pile last) and place them on the bottom of the same
pile. Then, take the next 3 cards on top of same pile and put one on
each of the other piles. It does not matter in which order you place
the cards. Do the same exact thing to all the other piles, including
the one containing the four aces, but do make sure you handle that one
last.

At this point, your trick is almost complete. Flip over the top card
on each of the four piles. Your (gullible) audience will be amazed and
even shocked to notice that the four cards they see are the four aces!

Voila!
